Update some text description for IETF117 (#98)
ietf-ccamp-wg/ietf-network-inventory: draft-ietf-ccamp-network-inventory-yang.md

    +------------+               ||
          ||                     ||
          || 1:N                 \/
          ||______________\+-------------+
          |---------------/|   chassis/  |---+
                           | sub-chassis |<--|
                           +-------------+
                                 ||
                  ______1:N______||_____1:M_______
                  ||------------------ ---------||
                  \/                            \/
           +--------------+               +-----------+

>        +---|     slot     |               |   board   |

Reviewer: Sorry, I have a doubt now if the model is able to cover the case of a mother board and a daughter board. I think yes but wanted to confirm with you.

Reviewer 2: I think the generic component hierarchy should be flexible to support the motherboard - daughter board relationship, as it does not prohibit to have a board-board recursive relationship even though the above picture does not show such relationship. Did I get that right?

Author: I agree with Aihua that the current component hierarchy is flexible enough to cover the recursive relationship. The child component of a slot can be a board or several sub-slots, the child component of board can be ports component or sub-slot component.  The child component of sub-slot should be a board, and then this board is a daughter board, the previous board is a mother board.

Reviewer 3: There are scenarios with motherboard - daughter board configurations in #55 

I would suggest to develop some JSON examples to show how these configurations can be supported and check that there are no gaps in the current YANG model

Reviewer 4: > There are scenarios with motherboard - daughter board configurations in #55
> 
> I would suggest to develop some JSON examples to show how these configurations can be supported and check that there are no gaps in the current YANG model

Absolutely, an example can help and clarify, even if I would tend to agree with what Aihua and Chaode said, it seems to me the chain of hierarchy should support the mother-daughter board .

Some of the definitions taken from {{!RFC8348}} are actually based on the ENTITY-MIB {{!RFC6933}}.

> For the location information of component, a relative position information will be preferred. In optical transport network, there is a suggested pattern referenced from {{ONF_TR-547}}, "/ne=<nw-ne-name>[/r=<r_index>][/sh=<sh_index>[/s_sh=<s_sh_index> ...]][[/sl=<sl_index>[/s_sl=<s_sl_index> ...]][/p=<p_index> …]]". The generic format is the concatenation of n tuple elements “/<field>=<index>”. The fields of tuple element includes:

Reviewer: include instead of includes

> For the location information of component, a relative position information will be preferred. In optical transport network, there is a suggested pattern referenced from {{ONF_TR-547}}, "/ne=<nw-ne-name>[/r=<r_index>][/sh=<sh_index>[/s_sh=<s_sh_index> ...]][[/sl=<sl_index>[/s_sl=<s_sl_index> ...]][/p=<p_index> …]]". The generic format is the concatenation of n tuple elements “/<field>=<index>”. The fields of tuple element includes:

Author: I would like to move the pattern to a sperated ascii block, and mange it as a code.

| field  |meaning   |
| ------------ | ------------ |
| ne  |netowrk element   |
| r   |rack   |
| sh  |chassis component   |

> | s_sh  |sub-chassis component  |

Reviewer: Should we make clear that we rename chassis what was named as shelf in TR547 but that we decided to keep sh to ensure consistency between ONF and IETF inventory n-tuples?

Author: i would like to add one more paragragh, just like this: 
In this draft the term 'chassis' is used instead of the [ONF TR-547] term 'shelf', because it is more recognized in the industry. However, the component location string will use the acronyms 'sh' and 's_sh' for consistency with the [ONF TR-547] definitions.

Reviewer 4: "is more recognized in the industry and aligned with RFC8348"

| sl  | slot component |
| s_sl  |sub-slot component |
| p  | port component  |

> Some of fields are optional in some scenarios, such as sub-chassis and sub-slot, then the regarding fields don't need to be provided in those scenarios. We consider this format is also applicable for other technologies.

Reviewer: Some of **the** fields are optional, such as sub-chassis and sub-slot, and consequently would not need to be provided in some scenarios

### Equipment Room

> Usually equipment room is not detectable by domain controller. Sometimes people don't even manage equipment room though domain controller but from Operators' owned OSS, so equipment room could be optional when implementing this data model.

Reviewer 3: Proposed editorial improvement:

```suggestion
Usually the information about equipment rooms is not detectable by domain controller and configured manually. Sometimes, this information is not configured in the domain controller but directly in the Operators' owned OSS and therefore reporting information about the equipment rooms is optional when implementing this data model.
```

> Another scenatio is when racks are not located in equipment room, one possiblity is that the domain controller provides a "default" equipment room that contains all these racks.

Reviewer: **scenario** and not scenatio

located in **an** equipment room

Reviewer 3: Proposed updates based on the comment from Jeff plus some proposed editorial improvement:

```suggestion
Another scenario to analyze is when racks are not located in any equipment room: one possible solution is that the domain controller provides a "default" equipment room that contains all these racks.
```

Note: add some more attributes about equipment room in the future.

### Rack

> Usually rack is not able to be detectable by domain controller automatically neither. Most of the information shall be input by the users manually. So racks can be optional too when implementing this data model.

Reviewer: **Usually rack is not detectable by domain controller automatically** (remove "able to" and "neither")

Reviewer 3: Proposed editorial improvement (based on the text above):

```suggestion
Likewise for equipment rooms, usually the information about the rack is not detectable by domain controller and configured manually. Therefore reporting information about the racks is optional when implementing this data model.
```
